docs(react): update react tutorial to match the latest version of Nx (#7639)
nrwl/nx: docs/react/tutorial/09-dep-graph.md

Previously, some senior architect would create an ad-hoc dependency diagram and upload it to a corporate wiki. The diagram is not correct even on Day 1 and gets more and more out of sync with every passing day.

With Nx, you can do better than that.

Run

```bash
npx nx dep-graph
```

> The Dependency Graph page should load in your browser. Click on "Show all projects" to show a dependency graph all the apps and libraries in the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dependency graph page opens in a new browser window. Click on "Show all projects" to see all the apps and libraries in the workspace.
```
